"B--ch" and "Fa--ot" are terms of hate and do not belong in this forum.
"B--ch" and "c--t" are hateful terms and detract from intelligent discourse. They should be avoided.
"B--ch" and "c--t" used to refer to women are gratuitous and offensive; they should be avoided.
"B--ch", "slut," and "tw-t" are terms of hate that target all women; they are to be avoided here.
"B--ch," c--t, "ret--d," "ret---ed" are offensive terms and need to avoided here.
"Bint" is a very hurtful derogatory term that should not be used to describe women. That was uncalled for.
"Bitch" has been used for centuries to tell women who have an opinion to shut up and that it doesn't matter what they think or feel
"C--t" and "re--rd" are offensive and hateful terms; please avoid using them in this forum.
"C--t(s)" and "fa--ot" are gratuitously offensive terms and must be avoided in legitimate political discourse.
"C--t(s)" as used here is gratuitous and offensive; it should be avoided.
"C--t," "b--ch," as well as "pu--y" and its variants, are are sexist terms of hate and so forbidden in this forum.
"C--t," and "cow" are offensive, inappropriate and misogynistic terms; they should not be used here.
"C--ts," "Re--d(ed)," and "re--rds" are each offensive, unnecessary and should be avoided in this forum.
"Cocksuckers" is offensive, and while colorful, does not impart exactly your reason for disparaging this person
"Cu--t(s)" and "ret---ed" are terms of hate and ignorance and have no place in compelling argument
"Cu--ts" and "ret---(ed)" are demeaning and offensive and so do not belong in intelligent commentary.
"Cu--ts" used to refer to women is offensive and should be avoided.
"Cu-t" si a tern of hate and should not be used in intelligent political debate.
"D--bag" and "c--t" are offensive and bigoted terms and should not be used in political discourse.
"Dumb c--ts" is a hateful, ignorant and misogynistic utterance and so has no place here.
"Ending retardedly" isn't even a real word. How about offering a critique which doesn't insult people but rather uses facts?
"Fa--ot" and "re==rd", are terms of hate, so have no place in adult debate.
"Fa--ot" as used here cause offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary
"Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary
"Fa--ot" as used here causes offense to many and does not belong in intelligent commentary.
"Fa--ot" as used here is an offensive term and must be avoided
"Fa--ot" as used here offends many and does not belong in intelligent commentary.
"Fa--ot" is demeaning and offensive and so does not belong in intelligent commentary.
"Fa--ots" is potentially a term of hate and is best avoided here.
"Fa-ots" and the "n word" offend many, add nothing to intelligent debate. and so must be avoided in this forum.
"Fag" and "retard" are hateful words that are used to demean gay people and people with learning differences, and should be avoided.
"Fag--t" and "ret--d" are hateful and bigoted terms. Their use here is unnecessary, and offensive to many.
"Faggot" is a pejorative and hateful word that demeans queer people. It is hurtful and harmful to use it.
"Faggot" is a pejorative word that is demeaning and hateful towards gay people, and should not be used.
"Faggot" is just a word that people/trolls use to goad an emotional response from someone. Let's have a real conversation
"Faggot" is no longer socially acceptable after having been a disparaging word for a group that's severely persecuted in history
"Full ret--d" seeks to debase people by directing hate at the mentally disabled; please refrain for using such locutions here.
"Gay men...deserve to be killed" is blatant hate speech and must be avoided in this forum.
"I don't agree with this political group, so I'm gonna use slurs!! That'll show them." - you, probably. Do us all a favor and grow up.
"Maybe travel there or somewhere else in the world to see what people are like, but otherwise you can't judge based on where they're from. "
"Raging faggot" really has no meaning relevant to your comment unless you are intending to be homophobic. Precise verbage = better here.
"Re----ed" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families
"Re----ed" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
"Re---d" and "c--t" are terms of hate and not to be used here.
"Re---d" as used here debases the speaker and may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families .
"Re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families, please try to avoid it.
"Re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families, please try to avoid its use.
"Re---d" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
"Re---d" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
"Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families
"Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
"Re---d" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families; please try and avoid this usage.
"Re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden.
"Re---d" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
"Re---d" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families
"Re---d," "fa--ot," and "carpetmucher," all used here, detract from legitimate discussion of gender issues; such hatred must be eliminated.
"Re---ded" and "ret--ds", and the flagrant, overt hate speech in which they are embedded, are not permitted and must be avoided here.
"Re---ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so is forbidden.
"Re---ded" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families and so is best avoided.
"Re---ds" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
"Re---ds" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
"Re--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
"Re--ded" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
"Re--rd" and "c--t" are offensive and should not be used in this forum.
"Re--rd" and "sl-t" are offensive terms that should be avoided here.
"Re--rd" and its variants as used here offend many and should be avoided.
"Re--rd" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
"Re--rd" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
"Re--rd(s) and" "bit-h" are terms of hate and should be avoided in intelligent discourse.
"Re--rded" is offensive; try to substitute a less-stereotyping term.
"Ret---ation" and "ret--ded" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families, please avoid these terms.
"Ret---ation" is not to be used, it is a term of hate.
"Ret---ed"  and "f-g" are often terms of ignorance and hate, so we should avoid their use here.
"Ret---ed"  as used here is patently offensive; it should be avoided.
"Ret---ed" and "c--t" as used here are offensive and should be avoided.
"Ret---ed" and "ret---ation" as used is patently offensive; it should be avoided here.
"Ret---ed" and "ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; they should be avoided.
"Ret---ed" as used here is hateful, may offend the mentally disabled and their families; and so must be avoided here.
"Ret---ed" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and so must be avoided.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
"Ret---ed" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; please try to avoid it.
"Ret---ed" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
"Ret---ed" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
"Ret---ed" used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
"Ret---ed," even as used here, may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided here.
"Ret---ed," even as used here, may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
"Ret--d" and its variants offend many and must be avoided here.
"Ret--d" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
"Ret--d" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
"Ret--d" as used here offends many and should be avoided.
"Ret--d" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
"Ret--d" may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
"Ret--d" used here unfairly targets the mentally disabled and their families.
"Ret--d(ed)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
"Ret--d(ed)," "c--t," and "b--ch" are all offensive terms of hate; please find a way to express your opinion without them.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
"Ret--d(s)" as used here offends the mentally disabled and their families.
"Ret--d(s)," even as used here, may offend the mentally disabled and their families, and so should be avoided.
"Ret--dation" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
"Ret--ded" and "jew girl" both show insensitivity and a lack of respect, they are beneath the level of discourse required here.
"Ret--ded" as used here is offensive and should be avoided.
"Ret--ded" as used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families, please try to avoid its use.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
"Ret--ded" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
"Ret--ded" is not appropriate term for the mentally disabled.
"Ret--ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
"Ret--ded" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families.
"Ret--ded" used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families.
"Ret--ded," as well as the puerile and formulaic hatred in which these terms are embedded, are not only offensive, but banned.
"Ret--dedly" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
"Ret--dedness" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided as it adds nothing of substance.
"Ret--ds " and "ret--ded" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
"Ret--ds" and "c--t(s)" are offensive terms of hatred and should be avoided in this forum.
"Ret--ds" as a synonym for "stupid" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided here.
"Ret--ds" as used here is patently offensive; it should be avoided.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
"Ret--ds" as used here may offend the mentally disabled and their families; it should be avoided.
"Ret--ds" may offend the mentally disabled and their families and should be avoided.
"Ret--ds" used here may cause offence to the mentally disabled and their families
